a. What is the purpose of the macros DISABLE() and ENABLE()?

>> In a context switching and shared data structures(readyQ, waitQ etc), it is 
    important that it must not be interrupted while being modified. DISABLE() and 
    ENABLE() macros control the interrupts by :
        DISABLE() : It temporarily turns off all the interrupts on the processor to 
                    avoid race conditions i.e this prevents the timer or any other 
                    interrupt from  preempting(to take control) the current code section.
        ENABLE() : It re-enable interrupts after the critical section has safely 
                    completed. This resume normal preemption and interrupt handling.

b. What potential issues could arise if a yield() call were injected at the least suitable
 location within functions like dispatch() or enqueue()? How about injecting such a call into 
 yield() itself?

>> b.1 >> If a yield() call were injected at the least suitable location within functions like
            dispatch or enqueue, then following issues could occur :
        a. Infinite context switching : The system may fall in infinte loop or enqueing and
                    dequing never giving the space to execute thread 
        b. Corrupted kernel data: Calling yeild in mid-update, another thread could run and
                    access partially updated structures resulting in data corruption or 
                    undefined behavior.
        c. System crashes: Context switching while the CPU stack or registers are in the
                    middle of a sensitive operation could result in corrupted stack 
                    frames or return addresses.

>> b.2 >> injecting yeild inside yeild itself can causes :
        a. Recursive context switching: The functions starts saving the current context while 
                    the previous context save isn't finsihed yet 
        b. Deadlocks/Infinite loops: This can overwrite CPU register, leading to deadlocks or 
                    infinte loops 
        c. System Crashes: Nested context swicthes, leads to corrupt registers/stack states,
                    potentially crashing the entire system.
                    
                